
Simulations of the N-body problem using NagBody codes
and other useful codes to use in complex systems and fluids, astrophysics and cosmology

Mario A. Rodriguez-Meza (collector and developer)


Numerical codes list:

additional_libs
1. openmpi		: Open MPI
2. cfitsio		: CFITSIO, a library of ANSI C routines for reading and writing FITS files
3. fftw2		: FFTW-2, a collection of fast C routines to compute the 
			: Discrete Fourier Transform in one or more dimensions. Gadget depends on it.
4. fftw3		: FFTW-3, a free collection of fast C routines for computing 
			: the Discrete Fourier Transform in one or more dimensions. COLA codes use it.
5. gsl			: GSL - GNU Scientific Library. It is use by gadget codes.
6. lapack		: LAPACK, a library of Fortran 90 with subroutines for solving
			: the most commonly occurring problems in numerical linear algebra.
7. OpenBLAS		: OpenBLAS, an optimized BLAS library based on GotoBLAS2 1.13 BSD version.
8. hdf5		: High-performance software library and data format.
9. plplot		: PLplot, a cross-platform software package for creating scientific plots
10. Healpix		: HEALPix, Hierarchical Equal Area isoLatitude Pixelation of the sphere
11. NR			: We include some of the numerical recipes codes: interpolation, quadratures, 
			: special function, ODE solvers, etc. Isolated in order to be easy to use.

class
1. class		: Julien Lesgourges CLASS
2. hiclass		: Emilio Bellini, Ignacy Sawicki and Miguel Zumalacárregui hi_class
3. montepython		: Thejs Brinckmann & Julien Lesgourgues MontePython 3
4. planck2018		: Planck collaboration release 2018


cmplxflds
1. md_blj_n2		: molecular dynamics code, to simulate binary systems (PP method)
2. analysis_md		: code to analyse output of the md_blj_n2
3. md_blj		: molecular dynamics code to simulate binary systems using various methods
			: to compute the force among particles
4. md_ic_model		: code to generate initial conditions for molecular dynamics simulations
5. md_lj_tree		: molecular dynamics code, to simulate binary systems (Tree method to compute foreces)


colas
1. cola			: Svetlin Tassev, Matias Zaldarriaga and Daniel J. Eisenstein COLA
2. cola_simple		: Simple version of the above COLA code
3. lpicola		: C. Howlett, M. Manera and W.J. Percival L-PICOLA
4. mgpicola		: Hans A. Winther MG-PICOLA
5. mgpicola_fofr	: Hans A. Winther MG-PICOLA (only fof code)
6. mgpicola_pok		: Hans A. Winther MG-PICOLA (only pofk code)
7. mgpicola_pok_mpi	: Hans A. Winther MG-PICOLA (only pofk_mpi code)
8. mgpicola_pok_rsd_mpi	: Hans A. Winther MG-PICOLA (only pofk_rsd_mpi code)


cosmo_analysis
1. cute_box		: David Alonso CUTE - Correlation Utilities and Two-point Estimates
2. gadgetviewer		: John Helly program for visualisation of gadget snaps
3. gview		: Carsten Frigaard program to display a 3D view of a series of gadget snapshot files
4. nbodykit		: a massively parallel large-scale structure toolkit by:
			: NickHand, Yu Feng, Florian Beutler, Yin Li, Chirag Modi, Uros Seljak and Zachary Slepian
5. powmes		: Accurate estimators of power spectra in N-body simulations by
			: Stéphane Colombi, Andrew Jaffe, Dmitri Novikov and Christophe Pichon 
6. rockstar		: The rockstar halo finder by Peter Behroozi


cosmo_background_1lpt_2lpt
1. 2lptic		: 
2. 2lptic_za		: 
3. ngenic		: Volker Springel N-GenIC - A code for cosmological initial conditions


gdgt2_derived_codes (Gadget derived codes of Volker Springel codes)
1. gdgt207cluster	: code to make cosmological simulations using vacuum boundary conditions
2. gdgt207galaxy	: code to evolve N-body galaxies
3. gdgt207gassphere	: code to evolve a gas sphere using SPH method
4. gdgt207lcdm		: code to make cosmological simulations
5. galic		: generates galaxy initial condition


gravitation
1. nbody_n2		: code to evolve an N-body system (PP method)
2. model		: code to generate several N-body initial condition using Monte Carlo
3. gbsph		: code to evolve an N-body system (tree method)
4. analysis_grav	: code to analyse output of the nbody_n2 (gbsph)
5. analysis_galaxy	: code to analyse output of the galaxy
7. galaxy_starscream	: set two galaxy in parabolic initial condition to collide
8. galaxy_model		: generates galaxy initial condition. Useful for small N.


influenza
1. md_blj_n2_sird	: a spatial 2D molecular dynamic simulation of the SIR model


mcmc
1. MathematicaMCMC	: Mathematica notebook to do model fitting using MCMC method.
2. nchi2		: Minimization of Chi2. Useful in model fitting.
3. mmcmc		: A C code to do model fitting using MCMC method. Under development. Not ready yet.


nagbody_plplots
1. nplot2d		: plotting code (2D plots, data in columns format) and simple operations on columns.


perturbations (Mario A. Rodríguez-Meza and Alejadro Aviles)
1. mgpt			: Modified gravity perturbation theory code
2. smgpt		: Under development. Not ready yet.
3. class_mgpt		: Under development. Not ready yet.
4. hiclass_mgpt		: Under development. Not ready yet.
5. TreeCorr		: TreeCorr by M. Jarvis.


sph
1. sphz			: 


templates
1. templateBessel	: template that evaluate Bessel function, to show the programming simple structure of NagBody package.




